Nut Facts and Acrolinx - round 4 (#4773)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-mobile-app-redirect/main/index.md

2. Enter **Quickstart** when prompted for the app name.
3. Specify the required redirect URI values:
<StackSnippet snippet="redirectvalues" />
4. Make note of the Redirect URI, Post Logout Redirect URI, and the app configuration printed to the terminal. You'll need these to configure your mobile app.

> At this point, you can move to the next step: [Creating your app](#create-app). If you want to set up the integration manually or find out what the CLI just did for you, read on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, you can move to the next step: [Creating your app](#create-app). If you want to set up the integration manually or find out what the CLI just did for you, complete the following steps.
```
